== Conference Manager
Conference Manager is a a Ruby-On-Rails application that allows basic management of teleconference resources. It is intended to be simple and user friendly. This application also provides some basic administrative features for assurance purposes.

== Security
The application implements many security principles and protections against common attacks that include CSRF and XSS. It also includes defences against Mass Assignment and uses password hashing techniques. However, this application has not been build for Internet deployment and should therefore run within 'safe' space of a corporate firewall.

== Customisation
This application is heavily customised to my current needs. You will need to fork and modify the project if you wish to use this. Please let me know if you do that and I will endeavour to make this solution more generic and easier to customise.

== Features
* Manage Conference Numbers
* Manage Resource Bookings
* Open registration for new users
* User Management facilities
* Email notifications for key events

== ToDo
* Introduce feature to cascade deletions for conference numbers. When an Administrator deletes and existing conference number, the system should automatically cascade and delete all associated bookings and issue cancellation emails to all users with forward bookings.
* Workout a way to manage concurrent conflicts. Find a way to re-run the availability immediately prior to saving the booking model in case another user had been quicker and already managed to book 

== Bugs
* 'Cancel this booking' button does not work. It needs to invoke a delete action on the bookings controller.

== Development Notes
* I should probably move the various email notifications into the respective Models. This would be necessary if I implement the first ToDo.
* Consider replacing the parse method on the Booking model with something a little more elegant and a little less expressive. Review this: http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Callbacks.html and think about before_validation callback to parse the data.

== What am I doing now?
* #1 Fix the missing java script problem in the Booking form
* #2 Add Observer Functionality to Booking model
